EZP-32240: Commerce API revision (#1340)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/field_types_reference/sesselection.md

# SesSelection

This Field Type stores a single selection choice. 

> Unlike the [Selection Field Type](selectionfield.md),

Reviewer: Which piece of information is more important here? I'd go with "The SesSelection Field Type is configured in a YAML file, unlike the [Selection Field Type](selectionfield.md)."
This way we shift emphasis.

> Unlike the [Selection Field Type](selectionfield.md),
> the SesSelection Field Type is configured in a YAML file.

Author: ```suggestion
The SesSelection Field Type is configured in a YAML file,
unlike the [Selection Field Type](selectionfield.md).
```

> For that reason, it is possible to set up SiteAccess-specific selection Field Types.

Reviewer: "for that reason, it is possible", or "this way you can..."?

> For that reason, it is possible to set up SiteAccess-specific selection Field Types.

Author: ```suggestion
This way, you can set up SiteAccess-specific selection Field Types.
```

The Field Type must be configured per attribute:

``` yaml
siso_core.default.sesselection.news_type:
    default: general
    translation_context: news
    options:
        general: general
        sports: sports
        culture: culture
```

> The `translation_context` key is optional. 

Reviewer: What is translation context?

> The `translation_context` key is optional. 

Author: ```suggestion
The `translation_context` key, which identifies the context used for translating the labels, is optional. 
```
